README.md, before:

# BACKGROUND
Although all these files (or a version of these files) can be found in `files.brandeis.edu`, this repository is meant to make the projects I presented on more accessible and easier to navigate since the network drive also contains files that may not be relevant or are related to side-tasks.
# REPOSITORY STRUCTURE
This is an overview of the structure of the repository. More specific tutorials or explanations can also be found in the README of the subfolders: **DATA**, **RIDERSHIP**, and **COMPLAINT ANALYSIS**.
## DATA

 - **Complaints_Uncleaned** and **Ridership_Uncleaned**: These should complain the raw data of the corresponding projects. `Ridership_Uncleaned` can hold multiple files since the script is designed to handle multiple files.
 - **CleanRidershipData.py**: When running this script, it will condense all data files into one. 

## RIDERSHIP (Fall 2023)

This contains relevant work, finalized data, and notebooks of the project that pertains to analyzing trends in ridership.
## COMPLAINT ANALYSIS (Spring 2024)

This project is the complaint analysis dashboard.
## VIDEO TUTORIALS

This should contains relevant videos for how to use the dashboard.

Commit message:

Making some directory edits and accessing data

README.md, after:

# BACKGROUND
Although all these files (or a version of these files) can be found in `files.brandeis.edu`, this repository is meant to make the projects I presented on more accessible and easier to navigate since the network drive also contains files that may not be relevant or are related to side-tasks.

# REPOSITORY STRUCTURE
This is an overview of the structure of the repository. More specific tutorials or explanations can also be found in the README of the subfolders: **DATA**, **RIDERSHIP**, and **COMPLAINT ANALYSIS**.
Some notes about how files are used:
 - **Jupyter Notebooks**: I tend to use Jupyter Notebooks when first drafting a dashboard. I like to think of them as sketches before drafting a final art piece since I can debug and experiment with different elements as needed.
 - 

## DATA
 - **Complaints_Uncleaned** and **Ridership_Uncleaned**: These should complain the raw data of the corresponding projects. `Ridership_Uncleaned` can hold multiple files since the script is designed to handle multiple files.
 - **CleanRidershipData.py**: When running this script, it will condense all data files into one. 

## RIDERSHIP (Fall 2023)
This contains relevant work, finalized data, and notebooks of the project that pertains to analyzing trends in ridership.

## COMPLAINT ANALYSIS (Spring 2024)
This project is the complaint analysis dashboard.

## VIDEO TUTORIALS
This should contains relevant videos for how to use the dashboard.
